# Kalamanch

Kalamanch is a web store where indian artisans sell their creations to people across the world. The artisans can add their products for sale which will be viewed by interested buyers. The buyer will be given product recommendation on the basis of previously bought and previously viewed products. This will help the buyer get an idea about how a product looks in their homes so that they can make better choices. The artisan will have the option to post about their product on multiple social media through the portal itself for global reach.

Artisans from all over the country can benefit from the portal which will be available in local languages. Revenue will be generated by percentage cuts on orders after pricing the products accordingly. This will help us maintain the webstore while increasing the market capital of Indian Handicrafts and Handlooms.​ Kalamanch will influence the lives of artisans by being the one stop application for all their needs.

## Features (WIP)

## Business Model

### Identity

Kalamanch acts as the gateway to the
exquisite handicrafts and handlooms of India
for the world.

### Problem

Indian handicraft and handlooms have high
demand but are not as available outside India.

### Our solution

Our webstore comes with all the imagination
and skill-work of Indian artisans. With extreme
focus on increasing reach to places it has
never been before. It works on the idea of a *dropship and white labelling.*

### Target market

The target audience is people abroad, in foreign
lands where our artisan’s productions have not
reached. The markets that are still untouched or
not properly explored by us.

### The competition

Kalamanch is a part of a market that has yet
not properly establish its roots. We are trying
to be a Large organization, which sell
internationally. Our competition just comprises
of Smaller companies who sell locally in shops, craft fairs, or online.

### Revenue streams

The artisan will put up the article on the site for a
higher price than they are used to, this will allow
us to do few things:
1. Increase the market capital of Indian
    handcrafts and handlooms.
2. Artisan will get higher profit margin.
3. Our % cut will not affect the artisan
    original profit margin.

### Marketing activities

Kalamanch will communicate with art
enthusiast with an email newsletter, targeted
Google and Facebook ads, social media (as
we have integrated social media marketing inside the system), and in person at craft fairs.

### Expenses

- Manpower/Employee for delivery and logistics
- Inventory space for products
- Hosting and Cloud charges
- Website maintenance

### Milestones

As business grows, kalamanch will advertise in
target markets, and will try to reach out for store
tie ups abroad to assure minimum revenue by contracts.

## Team and key roles

**Pratik Thakare** – System and Software
Architecture Designer

**Darshan Rander** – Presentation Developer,^
Software Designer, Full Stack Developer

**Dheeraj Lalwani** – Backend Lead Developer

**Mihika Gaonkar** – Artificial Intelligence Lead
Developer

**Rohit Pathak** – Artificial Intelligence
Developer, Frontend Developer

**Aaditya Chinchkhedkar** – UI/UX Designer,
Frontend Lead Developer

## For Devs

For any commits to the codebase, please follow
[Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)